Create BMC Incident for Top Remediations from InsightVM (#38)
rapid7/insightconnect-workflows: workflows/Create_BMC_Incident_for_Top_Remediations_from_InsightVM/help.md

# Description

> This workflow will get the top remediations from InsightVM, and create a BMC Remedy ITSM Incident for each remediation. The Incident will have details on the affected endpoints as well as the fix and risk score.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This workflow will get the top remediations from InsightVM and create a BMC Remedy ITSM Incident for each one. The Incident will have details on the affected endpoints as well as the fix and risk score.
```

# Key Features

> * Get the top remediations from InsightVM

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Get the top remediations from InsightVM.
```

> * Create a BMC remedy ITSM Incident for each of the top remediations

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Create a BMC Remedy ITSM Incident for each of the top remediations.
```

# Requirements

> * An InsightVM instance that has run at least one scan. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* InsightVM instance that has run at least one scan. 
```

> * A BMC Remedy ITSM 9.1.x server

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* BMC Remedy ITSM 9.1.x server.
```

# Documentation

## Setup

> * Download the workflow or clone the repository `git clone https://github.com/rapid7/insightconnet-workflows.git`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Download the workflow or clone the repository: `git clone https://github.com/rapid7/insightconnect-workflows.git`.
```

> * Login to InsightConnect, and “Import” the .icon file into the workflow builder

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Login to InsightConnect and “Import” the .icon file into the workflow builder.
```

> * Configure the connections for both InsightVM and BMC remedy ITSM

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Configure the connections for both InsightVM and BMC Remedy ITSM.
```

> * The Timers trigger step is set to run this workflow once a week on Sunday at 10AM. Change this to your desired time interval

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The Timers trigger step is set to run this workflow once per week on Sunday at 10AM. Change this to your desired time interval.
```

> * The InsightVM top remediations action is set to pull the top 10 remediations. This can be changed to as larger number if desired

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The InsightVM Top Remediations action is set to pull the top ten remediations. This can be changed to a larger number if desired.
```

> * Configure BMC Remedy ITSM plugin action inputs as needed per your organization

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Configure the BMC Remedy ITSM plugin action inputs within the workflow as needed per your organization.
```

* Get the top remediations from InsightVM
* Create a BMC remedy ITSM Incident for each of the top remediations

# Requirements

* An InsightVM instance that has run at least one scan. 
* A BMC Remedy ITSM 9.1.x server

# Documentation

## Setup

* Download the workflow or clone the repository `git clone https://github.com/rapid7/insightconnet-workflows.git`
* Login to InsightConnect, and “Import” the .icon file into the workflow builder
* Configure the connections for both InsightVM and BMC remedy ITSM
* The Timers trigger step is set to run this workflow once a week on Sunday at 10AM. Change this to your desired time interval
* The InsightVM top remediations action is set to pull the top 10 remediations. This can be changed to as larger number if desired
* The BMC remedy ITSM action requires inputs that are unique to your organisation
* Review and update the BMC remedy ITSM action inputs other than `Other Inputs` as needed
* Activate your workflow.

## Technical Details

Plugins utilized by workflow:

|Plugin|Version|Count|
|----|----|--------|
|Timers|2.0.2|1|
|Datetime|2.0.3|1|
|Rapid7 InsightVM|3.5.0|1|
|Python 3|2.0.0|1|
|BMC Remedy ITSM|1.7.0|1|

## Troubleshooting

> _There is no troubleshooting information at this time_

Reviewer 2: Newline after for `mdl` linting and add punc

```suggestion
_There is no troubleshooting information at this time._

```

# Description

> This workflow will get the top remediations from InsightVM, and create a BMC Remedy ITSM Incident for each remediation. This Incident will have details on the effected endpoints as well as the Fix and risk score.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This workflow will get the top remediations from InsightVM, and create a BMC Remedy ITSM Incident for each remediation. The Incident will have details on the affected endpoints as well as the fix and risk score.
```

# Key Features

* Get the top remediations from InsightVM
* Create a BMC remedy ITSM Incident for each of the top remediations

# Requirements

> * An InsightVM instance that has run at lest one scan. A BMC remedy ITSM server

Reviewer 2: least, run `misspell` on these files.
```suggestion
* An InsightVM instance that has run at least one scan. 
* A BMC Remedy ITSM 9.1.x server
```

# Documentation

## Setup

* Download the workflow or clone the repository `git clone https://github.com/rapid7/insightconnet-workflows.git`
* Login to InsightConnect, and “Import” the .icon file into the workflow builder
* Configure the connections for the InsightVM and BMC remedy ITSM

> * The Timers trigger step is set to run this workflow once a week on Sunday at 10AM change this if you want

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* The Timers trigger step is set to run this workflow once a week on Sunday at 10AM. Change this to your desired time interval.
```

> * The InsightVM top remediations action is set to pull the top 10 remediations. This can be changes to larger numbers if you want

Reviewer 2: Fix 2nd sentence

> * The BMC remedy ITSM action requires inputs that are unique to your organisation.

Reviewer 2: Be consistent with punctuation

> * Review and update the BMC remedy ITSM action inputs other than `Other Inputs` as needed

Reviewer 2: Remedy, perhaps a rewrite of this sentence as well

Reviewer: Remove line 25, change line 24 to: "Configure BMC Remedy ITSM plugin action inputs as needed per your organization"

* Activate your workflow

## Technical Details

Plugins leveraged by workflow:

> * Timers 2.0.2

Reviewer 2: Use the table format that's consistent with the other workflows.

@lmilby-r7 can correct me if I'm wrong but I believe `icon-workflow` will generate the table in its help generator.

* Datetime 2.0.3
* Rapid7 InsightVM 3.5.0
* Python 3 2.0.0
* BMC Remedy ITSM 1.7.0

## Troubleshooting

# Links

> ## Source Code

Reviewer 2: The Source Code section is no longer needed. During the Hackathon we moved this to the spec in `source_url`
